Any specific technologies you’re interested in using?
> Freedom to choose whatever technologies. Duke CS team is using ReactJS for the shoppers end.

Do you currently have a place to host the application online?
> Duke team is meeting Saturday (9/1) to identify what technologies that they want to work with.

Is this web app that we're working on proprietary that we need to keep private?
> No

Where do you have your source code and how do we gain access to it so that we can start development?

Describe how you envision influencers creating an account?
> Brought to a page with 2 buttons. One for "Shopper" and one for "Influencer"

Walk us through the process for an influencer submitting pics. Are the fields just text boxes or select from common brands?
> Next time we'll walk through the current process used for submitting pics.

To ensure we understand this correctly, from their submission, we need to connect with WordPress and create the post with the “Draft” status?
> Current functionality not done yet. Duke team is "rebuilding" WordPress site. On our side we need to build a list of posts in the "Draft" status. Admins can access the posts in "Draft" status and be able to approve and switch over to "Published". The post will need to be sent over to the website that the Duke team is working on to be published.

For the wallet, we need to collect click data from the WordPress site and bring it over to our application?

For the wallet, what determines how much each influencer earns? Is it a commission based off of sales? Is that data coming from anywhere at the moment?
> Commission based off of sales via afilliate links

How are we dividing work between Duke and UNC teams?

How often are we meeting? What time of the day? Online or in-person?

General Info
> * Need to be able to toggle on/off dimensions for specific influncers
> * Anonymous data that links to the profile so that the data can be monetized
> * Tap on photo and prompt for product information
> * Given link, app generates the link of the clothes
> * Links: Profile, submit pics, submission history, # of clicks received

For next week, put together a requirements document.
