## Questions 
Can you describe what needs to be done in terms of testing? Like unit tests? Functional testing? Volume testing? 
> Advantage to do at beginning. Focus on broader picture and unit testing as well. Unit testing is absolutely necessary as well according to instructor. 

Elaboration on architecture diagram? MVC model? 
> Modules and how they all fit together overall. MVC model included. The heart of what we are doing is basically MVC but repository based as well. Database dominates the code. A typical reposotiry system from one of her Powerpoints. 

When are formal deliverables due? 
> All formal deliverables due by end of each sprint, including Sprint 1. 

What is specifically due for next week? 
> She created a Google Doc with what she wants done by next time. 

Who decides which stories need to be prioritized? The client, the instructor, or the group? 
> Looks like Diane is deciding for the most part, but we'll try to bring up the client needs with her. 

How to update documentation over time as changes occur?
> New files need to be dumped so instructor can track changes and see progress. 

## Notes
Copy and paste word document into a markdown document. She mentioned linking them to a Google Doc. But this can be done in markdown as well so that another page is not needed to view the page. Make sure to fit all the personas in one file so she does not have to keep opening up new files or pages.

Does the post have a caption or description? A hashtag? This is for the influencer items? There should be some tags to grow the search function? Tags related to casual wear? Some kind of protocol to allow shoppers to find their content because body dimensions are the same for the influencer. 

For the upload picture camera roll, should be able to click and drag for the desktop version. Shutterfly example given during meeting. Update documentation to reflect this under functional specification. 

Update functional specification to allow influencer to be linked to shopper page. 

Eliminate shopper since we are not dealing with the shopper from functional specification. 

For moderator, should update to allow moderators to edit the post such as if an influence makes a typo or something like that. Update to talk about administrators. 

Add administrator in functional specification as well. 

Database that tracks clikcs. Don't worry how it gets set but be able to retrieve it. Influencer should know both view and purchases. 

Update header under general requirements. Should not be present as a header but on influencer page instead. 

Feels redundant so combine previous explanations with the new explanations under functional specification. 

## User Stories
For skeleton pages, remove that. That's not really a user story that's just development. 

Can save to database for partial completion of sign up process. 